I didn't expect you to think it was because there was no research. It's really practical.
My family is a Chinese medicine practitioner, and I am a flight attendant.
Maybe there are a lot of things, some things like survival and care.
The most herbal medicine is almost enough. Let’s go. Let’s go!
It’s so expensive to rent a king, I’m back!
Where are you? Are you in group training?
I said, eldest lady, it’s okay for me to serve.
Are you going to organize someone's death for me?
Who is this woman?
Ah, that’s not the case. It’s me who you can’t save.
Like you, I am a creator of darkness,
Don't get me wrong, that's all.
He is also matched with a husband borrowed from the family.
You have the temper of a young lady
I still have to consider the price
Don't fight when it's too big
Didn’t you say you have patients to take care of?